the video cloning stuff. Yeah, to to do
video clones of yourself, HeyGen,
that's h e y g e n, is is the best one
that I've found so far.
What do you currently pay for that?
Um I want to say it's $25
a month.
Well, I bet you could do a video a day.
And the coolest thing is is you can you
can have AI write the script, it can
learn your voice, then you can have your
virtual assistant. You give your virtual
assistant a bunch of topics, and then
they can generate the videos and post
them in all your channels for you.
Sure can. Um so, this one right here
just
got posted today
on my Facebook. I'm sorry, my Facebook.
I'm sorry, YouTube. So, I'm not going to
play all this cuz it's 7 minutes and 25
seconds, but
I will let you guys see what this is
like.
>> Buying your first home in Florida
[music] in 2026. This is the video you
need to watch. I'm Jeremy McDonald, and
we're starting with the foundation. The
truth is the market isn't crazy like it
was in 2021.
Rates aren't at historic lows, and
insurance matters more than ever before.
In this landscape, strategy beats
emotion every single time. My job is to
give it to you straight, no hype, just a
real game plan. We're going to walk
through getting pre-approved the right
way, how we use soft credit pre-screens,
and choosing the loan option that fits
your life. Let's start
So, if you're not a big fan of, you
know, creating videos yourself, uh
HeyGen is a great tool for that.